[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
YO. YO. YEAH. I'M UP.
I'M UP. I'M UP.
I JUST OVERSLEPT, SO--
COOP, ON PHONE:
BRO, WE GOT A SITUATION.
[EXHALES]
GRACE: ONE ADVENTURE
MY LIFE CAN DO WITHOUT.
WOMAN:
OH, WOW. REALLY?
GRACE:
YES, REALLY.
DIFFERENT WOMAN: SO THAT'S
HOW WE'RE FEELING TODAY?
THAT'S EXACTLY
HOW WE'RE FEELING.
THAT'S NOT HOW YOU
WERE FEELING LAST NIGHT.
"IT'S MY NIGHT,
MY TASK."
MA?
HEH.
HEY, WHO'S GOT YOU
CHEESING SO HARD?
MAN, AIN'T
NOBODY CHEESING.
OH, COME ON.
I CAN SEE EVERY
TOOTH IN YOUR MOUTH.
WHOEVER IT IS, WHY DON'T
YOU BRING HER AROUND?
-SHE'S JUST A FRIEND.
-OK.
WELL, IS THIS FRIEND
COMING TO THE WEDDING?
OH, WE ARE NOT
AT THE "PLUS-ONES
FOR A WEDDING" LEVEL.
OK. THIS IS, LIKE, A "FRIENDS
WITH BENEFITS" SITUATION.
NO. I'M JUST ENJOYING
MY SINGLE LIFE
LIKE YOU AND JJ...
ALL RIGHT.
THOUGH I DON'T KNOW HOW
SINGLE JJ's GONNA BE
WHEN HE FINDS THAT GIRL
WITH THE PANTS SUIT
HE SAW KISSING OUTSIDE OF
JACOB'S THE OTHER NIGHT.
DUDE IS OBSESSED.
YEAH. RIGHT.
GOT TO GO HELP
MY MUMS. LATER.
PANTS SUIT?
DILLON: SO WHY
CAN'T COUSIN SHEREE
SIT NEXT TO
COUSIN BRADFORD?
THEY'RE STILL FEUDING
FROM A SPADES GAME
AT OUR LAST
FAMILY REUNION.
THE CENTREPIECES
ARE DONE.
I WILL DROP THESE
OFF AT THE VENUE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR HELPING OUT.
IN BETWEEN THE MOVE
AND THE WEDDING TOMORROW,
I JUST FEEL STRETCHED
ALL OVER THE PLACE.
OH, GIRL, SAVE THAT
FOR YOUR WEDDING NIGHT.
UGH.
ANYWAY, YOUR MEN
OF HONOUR AND I
ARE HERE TO ASSIST
WITH WHATEVER YOU NEED.
SPENCER: IS THAT AN M.O.H.
DISTRESS CALL I HEAR?
SPENCER JAMES
REPORTING FOR DUTY.
WHAT YOU NEED?
WHAT'S UP?
THE MAIN THING
IS TO GET
THE FAMILY GATHERING
OUT OF THE WAY TONIGHT.
THEN IT'S A QUIET
NIGHT AT HOME.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE
THE MOST BORING NIGHT EVER.
SPENCER: MA,
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
GOING ALL OUT WITH YOUR
LAST NIGHT OF FREEDOM.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YOU?
I'M GOOD
ON ALL THAT.
I MEAN, IF I
WANTED CRAZINESS,
I WOULD HAVE YOUR AUNT
REESHA THROW A PARTY.
DENISE: WOW, LAREESHA.
I HAVE NOT SEEN YOUR
LITTLE SISTER IN FOREVER.
IS SHE COMING?
DILLON: SOUTH L.A.
MIGHT AS WELL BE MARS,
AS FAR AS AUNT
REESHA'S CONCERNED.
IT'S NOT
MEANT FOR HER.
GRACE: LOOK.
CAN WE JUST FOCUS
ON THE HANDFUL
OF FAMILY MEMBERS
WHO'S GONNA BE AT
THE GATHERING TONIGHT?
HUH. AIN'T THAT
A DUB RIGHT THERE?
HEY, THAT WAS MINE.
NEVER MIND.
THIS SEEMS LIKE A LITTLE
BIT MORE THAN A HANDFUL.
YEAH. YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO FEED THEM ALL AGAIN
TOMORROW AFTER
THE WEDDING.
AH, DON'T REMIND ME.
ALTHOUGH IT IS NICE
TO SEE HOW WELL
OUR FAMILIES
ARE GETTING ALONG.
THIS IS YOU AND
D'ANGELO'S MOMENT.
EVERYBODY'S ON
THEIR BEST BEHAVIOUR.
YEAH.
MM.
MAKING OUT
WITH THE HOUSE
FULL OF PEOPLE
DOWNSTAIRS
FEELS SO WRONG
AND SO HOT.
AGREED,
WHICH IS WHY
WE SHOULD PROBABLY
GET DOWN THERE.
OH...
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
OLIVIA:
HEY, ARE YOU IN THERE?
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
- WAS THAT LIV?
GET UP. UP.
GET UP, JORDAN.
COME ON. COME ON.
YOU'RE SO SLOW.
OK. COMING.
[CLEARS THROAT]
HEY.
HEY. WHY WAS
YOUR DOOR LOCKED?
IT WAS?
THAT'S STRANGE.
CAN YOU ZIP ME,
PLEASE?
YES. YES.
WAIT. WHO ARE YOU
GETTING ALL CUTE FOR?
WHY CAN'T I JUST
LOOK CUTE FOR ME,
YOU KNOW, AND IF
IT JUST SO HAPPENS
THAT MY EX IS
AROUND, I GUESS,
TO SEE HOW HOT I STILL
AM, THEN SO BE IT.
WELL, YOU'RE
KILLING IT.
HAVE YOU SEEN JORDAN?
HE SHOULD'VE
BEEN HERE BY NOW.
YOU KNOW, I'M SURE
HE'S AROUND. YEAH.
ANYWAY, I'M GONNA SEE
YOU DOWNSTAIRS IN A SEC.
I JUST HAVE TO
FINISH MY MAKEUP.
OK. GOOD, BECAUSE YOUR
LIPSTICK'S A LITTLE SMEARED.
-OK. THANK YOU.
-YEAH.
SEE YA.
[EXHALES]
HA HA!
WHEN DID YOU
GET SO STRONG?
SORRY.
I PANICKED.
YOU KNOW, IT'S GETTING
A LITTLE RIDICULOUS.
I MEAN, I'M LITERALLY
HIDING IN MY OWN BATHROOM.
IT'S ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME
UNTIL SOMEONE
FIGURES THIS OUT.
YOU KNOW, APPARENTLY,
JJ IS OBSESSED
WITH FIGURING OUT WHO
THIS PANTS SUIT GIRL IS
FROM THE OTHER NIGHT.
YEAH. I GUESS
DRUNK AMNESIA
WAS TOO GOOD
TO LAST FOREVER.
SO WHY ARE WE
STILL HIDING THIS
FROM OUR FRIENDS?
BECAUSE I WANT US
TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT THIS IS
BEFORE, YOU KNOW,
DROWNING IN THE
JUDGMENTAL OPINIONS
OF THE VORTEX.
EVERYTHING'S
KIND OF MOVING FAST.
OK, SO WHY DON'T WE
JUST SLOW THINGS DOWN
UNTIL WE
FIGURE THIS OUT?
HOLD ON.
JORDAN BAKER IS PROPOSING
WE NOT HAVE SEX?
I DON'T KNOW WHETHER TO
BE IMPRESSED OR INSULTED.
I JUST--
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL RUSHED, OK?
I KNOW HOW I FEEL
ABOUT YOU,
AND I WANT YOU TO BE
SURE HOW YOU FEEL,
AND WE CAN FIGURE OUT
THE EXES AND THE FRIENDS
AFTER THAT.
YOU KNOW,
I'M REALLY LIKING
THIS NEW, MATURE
VERSION OF YOU.
OH, OK. YEAH?
YEAH.
IT'S SEXY.
OTIS: I STARTED OFF WITH
WILD-CAUGHT FLORIDA GATORS.
SEE THE DRESS
IS WORKING.
YEAH, NOT IN THE WAY
I WAS HOPING.
MM-HMM.
OH, YOU
KNOW WHAT?
I WILL BE RIGHT
BACK, UNCLE OTIS.
WHY DON'T YOU TELL
LAYLA ABOUT YOUR SHOES?
-FARM-RAISED GATORS.
-WOW.
-HEY...
-HI.
IT'S ABOUT TIME
YOU SHOWED UP.
YEAH. NO. I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
TRAFFIC WAS CRAZY
GETTING HERE,
BUT I'M HERE, SO--
OK. WHATEVER,
WEIRDO.
JUST MAKE
YOURSELF USEFUL,
SEE IF ANYONE
NEEDS HELP, OK?
OK. OK.
HEY, HOW Y'ALL DOING?
YOU GOOD? OK.
CARTER: OH, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. NO.
LET ME GET THAT FOR YOU.
NO. I GOT IT.
TRUST ME.
STAYING BUSY RIGHT NOW
IS A GOOD THING.
I WAS JUST
ABOUT TO ASK
HOW THE FUTURE
MRS. CARTER IS DOING.
I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW MUCH I LOOK FORWARD
TO CRAWLING
INTO MY BED.
OH, IS THAT RIGHT?
IS THAT THE ONLY THING
YOU'RE LOOKING FORWARD TO?
OF COURSE NOT.
I'M ALSO LOOKING FORWARD
TO CATCHING UP ON MY SHOWS.
UH-UH. COME HERE.
YOU'RE PLAYING.
HA HA HA!
OH, RIGHT.
I'M ALSO LOOKING
FORWARD TO WAKING UP
AND MARRYING
THE LOVE OF MY LIFE.
-MM...
-MM MM...
GOOD ANSWER.
MM, BUT FIRST, I NEED
TO DUMP THIS TRASH
AND GET SOME
FRESH AIR.
[PEOPLE EXCLAIMING]
HA!
I GUESS I'LL CHECK
ON THIS SPADES GAME
THAT'S GOTTEN
OUT OF HAND.
THAT WOULD BE SHEREE
AND BRADFORD.
YOUR FAMILY.
YOURS, TOO.
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT.
-GET HER!
WHAT? WAIT.
WHAT? WHAT?
FAMILY TIME'S
OVER.
-LET'S GO.
-WAIT. WHAT? WHAT Y'ALL DOING?
JUST STOP IT.
STOP.
[SHOUTS]
-AAH!
-SURPRISE!
-LAREESHA?
-HEY.
REESHA? WOW.
YOU'RE ACTUALLY HERE.
MY NEPHEWS,
THEY REACHED OUT
AND TOLD ME WHAT
A HORRIBLE DAY
IT WOULD BE IF
THEIR FAVORITE AUNTIE
DIDN'T SHOW,
SO HERE I AM,
AND, BY THE WAY, IT'S
NOW REESE, JUST REESE--
NO LAREESHA,
NO REESHA, SO--
WOW. WELL, THANK YOU
FOR COMING TO MY RESCUE.
I AM JUST GLAD THAT
THE BOYS CONNECTED ME
TO YOUR LITTLE FRIENDS
SO THAT I COULD HELP
MAKE YOUR LITTLE NIGHT
REAL SPECIAL.
SAY "LITTLE"
ONE MORE TIME, HEAR?
DON'T ACT LIKE
YOU DON'T KNOW ME. POP POP.
OH, WE'RE STILL DOING
THE CHK CHK. OK.
LAURA: WELL, WE ARE
JUST SO DELIGHTED
THAT REESE
COULD JOIN US...
I THINK.
WELL, WOULD'VE
BEEN NICE IF YOU
COULD'VE JOINED US FOR
SPENCER'S GRADUATION...
I KNOW, BUT I HAD THAT
TECH SUMMIT IN DUBAI.
I SENT HIM CASH.
OR DILLON'S
BIRTHDAY...
CONFERENCE IN ROME.
COME ON.
DID HE LIKE THE YEEZY'S
THAT I SENT HIM?
OR OUR PARENTS'
FINAL DAYS.
WELL, LET'S GET THE FUN
STARTED, RIGHT?
WE'VE SET UP A CUTE
SCAVENGER HUNT
ALL AROUND CRENSHAW,
A NAUGHTY BUT FUN
"AMAZING RACE."
"THE AMAZING
GRACE."
WELL, WE'RE STILL
WORKSHOPPING THAT TITLE, BUT--
♪♪ WE HAVE A SIGN ♪♪
LAURA: ISAAC,
YOU READY TO GO?
ISAAC: YES, MA'AM.
LAURA: ALL RIGHT.
BILLY: Y'ALL SURE
YOU DON T WANT
ONE OF THESE
BILLY BAKER SPECIALS?
PREACH:
NO. I'M GOOD, BRO.
LOOKS LIKE
DENISE AND LAURA
HAVE BRIDENAPPED
GRACE.
OK.
SEE, LAURA WAS ASKING ME
FOR SOME DUCT TAPE,
SO THAT
MAKES SENSE.
Y'ALL AIN'T GONNA DO
NO BACHELOR PARTY?
BEEN THERE, DONE THAT
ON MY FIRST MARRIAGE.
IT'S A YOUNG
MAN'S GAME.
OH, Y'ALL TURNT UP
LIKE THAT?
YOU SAW THE MOVIE
"HANGOVER," RIGHT?
THAT WAS LIKE
A BIBLE STUDY
COMPARED TO MY
BACHELOR PARTY,
BUT YOU BEEN THERE,
DONE THAT, RIGHT?
-NEVER.
-PREACH.
LOOK. THE CATS THAT
I USED TO RUN WITH
AIN'T REALLY THE TRADITIONAL
MARRIAGE TYPE.
WELL, WE NEED TO DO
SOMETHING FOR YOU.
WHY SHOULD THE LADIES
HAVE ALL THE FUN?
MAN, I'M'A CHILL, MAN.
I GOT A LOT GOING ON
WITH AMINA'S CASE
THAT IS EXACTLY
WHY YOU NEED
TO COME OUT WITH US,
ALL RIGHT,
TAKE ALL THAT STUFF
OFF YOUR MIND.
LOOK. PULL THE CAR AROUND.
I'LL MEET YOU OUT FRONT.
DON'T THINK ABOUT IT.
GO. LET'S DO IT. GO.
HEY, HEY, HEY, WHERE
YOU RUNNING TO, MAN?
ANYWHERE.
AUNTIE CYNTHIA
WON'T LEAVE ME ALONE.
SHE KEEPS TRYING
TO PAY ME A QUARTER
TO DO THE DOUGIE.
YOU KNOW I HAVEN'T
DONE THAT SINCE I WAS 5.
WELL, YOU BETTER
GET YOUR MONEY.
DILLON: A QUARTER?
NOT EVEN A DOLLAR.
IS EVERYTHING OK?
DILLON'S ACTING
LIKE HE'S TOO GOOD
TO DANCE
FOR MONEY.
THE DOUGIE,
NOT STRIPPING.
OH, SHE
SPOTTED ME.
THANKS FOR LETTING
MY MUMS AND MR. CARTER
HOLD THEIR REHEARSAL
DINNER KICK-BACK HERE.
IT MEANT
A LOT TO HER.
YOU STILL GONNA CALL HIM
MR. CARTER AFTER TONIGHT?
I HAVEN'T
DECIDED YET.
DADDY D'ANGELO JUST
DON'T SOUND RIGHT.
HA!
NICE DRESS,
BY THE WAY.
OH, THIS OLD THING?
EVERYTHING
LOOKS NEW ON YOU.
JJ: HEY, VORTEX MEETING,
KITCHEN, IN 5.
[CLEARS THROAT]
PATIENCE: OK, SO WAIT.
MRS. BAKER TOOK YOU OFF
PREACH AND AMINA'S CASE?
YES, AND IT'S NOT
FAIR, ALL RIGHT?
JUST BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE
A LAW DEGREE LIKE DOOFIUS
DOES NOT MEAN
I CAN'T HELP.
OH, THE DUDE'S NAME
IS DOOFIUS?
NO. IT'S DARIUS,
BUT FOCUS.
OK.
MAYBE THIS IS
MS. BAKER'S WAY
OF PUSHING ME
OUT OF THE FIRM.
OH, NO, CANNOT GO OFF
THE DEEP END RIGHT NOW.
LOOK. MRS. BAKER
VALUES EVERYTHING
THAT YOU BRING
TO THE TABLE.
I MEAN, SHE WOULDN'T
GIVE YOU A SHOT
IF SHE DIDN'T,
YOU KNOW?
YOU JUST GOT
TO TRUST HER.
WE'LL SEE.
-WHAT?
-UH, NOTHING.
NICE PANTS.
UH, VORTEX MEETING
IN THE KITCHEN.
CARRY ON.
-YES?
-WHA--
WHAT WAS THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S YOUR FRIEND.
THAT'S WHEN I CONVERTED
TO THOSE LOUISIANA GATORS.
-MM-HMM, MM-HMM.
-GOT TO. YEP.
-HMM. NEED A REFILL.
-YES.
-BE RIGHT BACK.
-YEAH.
-REFILL.
-DAMN, YOU'RE CUTE.
-EXCUSE YOU!
-YEAH.
DUDE, NEVER TOUCH
A BLACK WOMAN'S
HAIR, RIGHT?
-EVEN I KNOW THAT.
-UH-UH.
VORTEX MEETING
GOING DOWN NOW.
[SNICKERS]
DON'T.
OLIVIA: ALL RIGHT.
WHAT'S ALL THIS ABOUT?
JJ: I'M CALLING
THIS MEETING OF THE VORTEX
TO ANNOUNCE MY AWESOME IDEA
OF BLOWING OFF THIS SNOOZEFEST
FOR AN IMPROMPTU GAME NIGHT
AT CHEZ MOI.
-OHH...
-NO.
WHAT'S WRONG?
OUR GAME NIGHTS HISTORICALLY
GO OFF THE RAILS.
SPENCER: I'M DOWN
FOR A GAME NIGHT.
I JUST GOT TO BE
SOMEWHERE LATER.
-WHATEVER. I'M IN.
-YEAH. LET'S DO IT.
FINALLY, I GET TO BE
PART OF GAME NIGHT.
JJ: YES. THAT'S THE ENERGY.
PATTY MONROE:
♪♪ GET YOUR BODY DOWN REAL LOW ♪♪
♪♪ GET YOUR BODY
DOWN REAL LOW... ♪♪
LISTEN. I REALLY
APPRECIATE ALL OF THIS,
BUT I HAVE SO MUCH
ON MY PLATE
FOR THE WEDDING
TOMORROW.
COME ON. DON'T BE
A PARTY POOPER.
COME ON.
LOOSEN UP.
LEARN TO RELAX
AND HAVE SOME FUN.
PROBLEM IS,
THE LAST TIME I DECIDED
TO "RELAX AND HAVE FUN"
WITH YOU,
I ENDED UP PAYING
3 GRAND IN DAMAGES.
WELL, IF YOU HAD
JUST LISTENED TO ME
AND TURNED
WHEN I SAID...
LISTEN TO YOU?
DENISE: DOESN'T MATTER.
DOESN'T MATTER.
I AM HERE NOW,
AND WE GONNA HAVE SOME FUN,
CHEAP FUN.
I'M SURE THAT'S
YOUR SPECIALTY.
STRIKE TWO.
OK. LET'S GET TO THE FIRST
GIFT OF THE NIGHT.
YOU ARE DEFINITELY
GONNA NEED THIS.
AND YOU HAVE
TO PUT IT ON NOW
OVER YOUR CLOTHES,
OH, ALONG WITH THIS.
OHH...
LOOKS LIKE TONIGHT'S
GONNA BE BASIC.
AND YOU'RE DEFINITELY
GONNA NEED THIS.
YES. I AM.
JJ: OK, GUYS.
WE'RE GONNA PLAY
"WHO'S MORE LIKELY:
THE VORTEX EDITION."
WE'LL SPLIT
INTO TWO TEAMS.
ONE TEAM HAS TO FIGURE OUT
WHICH PERSON
ON THE OPPOSING SIDE
IS MORE LIKELY
TO DO SOMETHING.
SOUNDS COMPLICATED.
OLIVIA: AND DANGEROUS
CONSIDERING
OUR TRACK RECORD
WITH GAME NIGHTS.
WHY CAN'T WE
JUST PLAY "TABOO"
LIKE REGULAR
BLACK KIDS?
[LAUGHTER]
I MEAN, YOU
CLOSE ENOUGH.
MM. WELL, IT'S WAY EASIER
THAN IT SOUNDS, RIGHT?
WE'LL RIGHT DOWN PROMPTS.
UH, DUDE, HEY, ENOUGH
WITH YOUR PHONE.
YOU CAN PAY ATTENTION
TO THE RULES.
SPENCER: ALL RIGHT, MAN.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
-WHATEVER.
-ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE.
JJ: PULL A BEER BOTTLE CAP.
RED DOT IS RED TEAM.
BLUE DOT IS BLUE.
ASHER'S ON
HIS RECRUITING TRIP,
SO THE NUMBERS
WILL BE UNEVEN.
I'M HERE.
THERE'S 8 OF US.
SORRY, DUDE.
YOU'RE MODERATOR.
EVERYONE GET
WITH YOUR BOTTLE CAP GROUP.
SPENCER, LAYLA, PATIENCE,
YOU'RE TEAM BLUE.
COOP, LIV, AND JORDAN
WILL BE JOINING ME
ON THE KICKASS
RED TEAM,
THE WINNING TEAM,
I MIGHT ADD.
-NO. WE'RE WINNING.
-BLUE, LIV.
YOU GUYS
ARE GOING DOWN.
[LAUGHING AND CHATTERING]
OH, WAIT A MINUTE.
HA HA HA! OK.
THAT WAS FUN.
NOBODY WHISPER A WORD
ABOUT THIS TO D'ANGELO.
DENISE: OH, GIRL,
FIRST RULE
OF THE "AMAZING GRACE"
CLUB--
THERE IS NO
"AMAZING GRACE" CLUB.
-THAT'S RIGHT.
-WOW.
SIS, I APPLAUD YOU
FOR GIVING LOVE
ANOTHER TRY,
BUT, WHEW,
IT COULD NOT BE ME.
I LIKE DOING WHAT
I WANT WHEN I WANT
AND NOT HAVING
TO ANSWER TO ANYBODY.
YOU KNOW, IF YOU CAN'T FIND
A MAN TO STAY WITH YOU
PAST HOTEL CHECKOUT TIME,
JUST SAY THAT.
MAN: EXCUSE US,
LADIES.
GRACE: UH, WAIT.
UH, OFFICERS,
WE CAN EXPLAIN.
LADIES, MY GIFT
HAS ARRIVED.
I WOULD LIKE
TO INTRODUCE YOU TO LAW...
GRACE: OH, NO.
AND ORDER.
LAURA: OH.
DENISE: NOW, WHO IS READY
FOR SOME DISORDERLY CONDUCT?
-ME!
-YEAH! HA HA HA!
DILLON: ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, FIRST PROMPTS.
-GET IT.
-WINNING. RR!
OH, OK. OK.
ALL RIGHT.
RED TEAM,
WHO IS MOST LIKELY
TO END UP
IN THE DRUNK TANK?
OK, AND, BLUE TEAM,
YOUR ANSWERS, PLEASE.
-BOOM. BOOM, JUST LIKE THAT.
-WHOO!
LIL JON: ♪♪ TURN DOWN FOR WHAT? ♪♪
[DJ SNAKE'S
"TURN DOWN FOR WHAT" PLAYING]
WHO IS MOST LIKELY
TO SEND A CORNY TEXT?
-OH, THERE YOU GO. HA HA!
-OH, THOSE AIN'T CORNY.
-THERE YOU GO.
-SOME OF THEM ARE KIND OF CUTE.
-WHAT?
-HMM?
-GIRL, WHAT?
-IN, LIKE, A FUNNY WAY.
LIL JON: ♪♪ TURN DOWN FOR WHAT ♪♪
WHO IS MOST LIKELY
TO STEAL YOUR GIRL?
-OH...
-I WONDER.
SPENCER:
SHUT UP. SHUT UP.
-I THINK WE ALL KNOW.
-HA HA HA.
-WHOO! WAAH! WAAH!
-WHOO!
-TAKE IT! TAKE IT!
"WHO IS MOST LIKELY
TO HAVE A THREESOME?"
HEY, HEY, PASS.
-THAT'S NASTY.
-ME?
SPENCER:
MOVE ON. MOVE ON.
LIL JON: ♪♪ FIRE UP THAT LOUD,
ANOTHER ROUND OF SHOTS ♪♪
LAURA: WHOO!
I'VE NEVER SEEN
AN 8-PACK BEFORE.
SHOULD I FEEL BAD
WITH THE GUYS AT HOME?
-NO.
THERE SHE GOES
BEING RESPONSIBLE.
LAURA: GRACE,
THE GUYS ARE FINE.
BILLY JUST TEXTED ME.
THEY'RE HAVING THEIR OWN
WILD AND CRAZY NIGHT,
SO...OK?
MM.
MM MM MM.
IS THERE ANYTHING BETTER
THAN A SWEET CIGAR
WITH A HINT OF
MOCHA AND CARAMEL?
A LAP DANCE FROM STRIPPERS
NAMED MOCHA AND CARAMEL.
[DING]
HA HA HA! TOUCHE.
-HEY!
-WHOO!
LOOK AT THIS.
SEE?
THEY GET IT.
COME ON, MAN.
STRIP CLUB
AIN'T GOING NOWHERE.
WE WILL GET THERE.
THE GOOD ONES GONNA BE
OFF WORK BY THEN.
THAT'S THE
GRAVEYARD SHIFT.
COME ON, PREACH.
WE HAVING FUN.
-COME ON. LET'S TAKE A SELFIE.
-OK.
BILLY: EVERYBODY
HOLD UP YOUR STOGIES.
COME ON, GRUMPY.
SAY, "CHEESE."
CIGARS, BABY.
CIGARS.
LAURA: RIGHT?
YOU LOOK
HEAVENLY.
LAURA: HOW ABOUT
TIME FOR MORE GIFTS?
THIS ONE IS
FROM ME AND DENISE.
-YUM YUM. HA HA HA!
-MM-HMM.
POUR.
OH, MY GOD,
I LOVE IT.
SHE GOT IT.
ALL Y'ALL WENT HALF
ON THAT?
YOU WENT HALF? SIS, LISTEN.
WAIT TILL YOU SEE MY GIFT.
DRUMROLL, PLEASE.
HERE YOU GO.
HA HA HA!
UH...
EVERY WOMAN
SHOULD OWN
AN ELEGANT PIECE
LIKE THAT.
FOR WHAT, TO EAT
WITH LADY BRIDGERTON?
GRACE: THANK YOU,
REESHA--I MEAN REESE.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
UH...
I DON'T GET IT.
LIKE, YOUR FACE LIT UP
AT A PLASTIC TOY,
BUT YOU BARELY
CRACKED A SMILE
AT A VERY EXPENSIVE
NECKLACE.
THAT'S BECAUSE THE TRUCK
MEANS SOMETHING TO GRACE
BECAUSE IT'S A THROWBACK
TO OUR FIRST GIRLS NIGHT OUT
WHEN GRACE WAS HANGING
OUT OF THE WINDOW DRUNK.
I'M SORRY. MY SISTER HANGING
OUT OF A WINDOW DRINKING?
LAURA: OH, YOU
DON'T EVEN KNOW
THIS VERSION
OF GRACE.
AND THAT WAS
ALSO THE NIGHT
THAT D'ANGELO
SHOT HIS SHOT,
SO WITHOUT
THAT NIGHT, LADIES,
WE MAY NOT HAVE
A WEDDING TOMORROW.
-NO. IT'S TRUE.
-YOU'RE RIGHT.
OH, YEAH.
I GUESS I KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT MY OWN SISTER.
GONNA GO ON OVER
TO THE "KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT GRACE" SECTION HERE.
HEY, FELLAS.
YEAH. GREAT. COOL.
YOU GUYS DON'T KNOW
GRACE, EITHER, RIGHT?
WHAT'S UP?
DILLON: MOVING ON--
OK, OK--
WHO IS MOST LIKELY
TO GO VIRAL?
EASY.
-EW. NO.
-COME ON. WHAT?
-NO ONE LIKES--
-HEY, YOU DON'T-- WATCH THIS.
-YOU PLAY FOOTBALL.
-NO. JUST WATCH THIS.
-NO. OK.
-YOUR ANSWER?
-OK. DO IT.
-BADA BIG, BADA BOOM.
-OH, YEAH.
-NO. NO, NO, NO, NO.
SPENCER PLAYS GAMES
ON NATIONAL TV, OK?
OK, BUT HE DID NOT
LIGHT UP THE INTERNET
SERVING LOOKS
AT THE MILLENNIUM
GOLD GALA
RED CARPET.
MM-HMM.
I SECOND THAT.
NO. NO. THAT'S--
THAT'S NOT ME, SO--
-ALL RIGHT.
-COME ON, MAN. NEXT QUESTION.
-COME ON.
-READY, READY, READY.
-OK.
SPENCER: WHAT WE GOT?
WHAT WE GOT? WHAT WE GOT?
WHAT WE GOT?
WHO IS MOST LIKELY
TO SHOW UP EARLY FOR WORK.
PATIENCE: OK. WELL, WHO
DOES NOT LIKE HER JOB,
SO IT'S HER.
-LIKE-- YEAH.
-OH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
-WE HAVE OUR ANSWER.
-READY.
DILLON: YOU GOT YOUR ANSWER?
ALL RIGHT.
RED TEAM, WHO IS MOST LIKELY
TO SHOW UP EARLY FOR WORK?
-OH...
-LIV.
DILLON: WOW.
OK, AND BLUE TEAM, ANSWER?
-YEAH. EASY. EASY.
-OOH!
COME ON, GUYS.
THAT'S A NO-BRAINER.
I MEAN, LIV WOULD
GIVE UP ANYTHING
FOR THAT JOB,
RIGHT?
-YEAH.
OK. ALL RIGHT.
UM, NEXT QUESTION
IS GOING TO BE,
"WHO IS MOST LIKELY
TO HAVE A RANDOM HOOKUP?"
-JJ.
-JJ ALL DAY.
-YEAH. IT'S PROBABLY ME.
-YEAH.
-JJ.
-OK. NO. NO.
WE ALL KNOW
IT'S SPENCER, ALL RIGHT?
HE JUST HOOKED UP WITH
THE GIRL FROM THE WEDDING STORE.
I MEAN, DON'T GET
MORE RANDOM THAN THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
WHAT'S UP?
DILLON: UH, I THINK IT MIGHT
BE TIME FOR A BREAK, YEAH?
-YES. DOES SOMEONE WANT TO--
-YEAH. LET'S JUST GO, OK?
-NO, NO, NO.
-JUST GO.
WHAT WAS UP WITH PUTTING
ME ON BLAST LIKE THAT?
BRO, MY BAD,
ALL RIGHT?
MY COMPETITIVE
EDGE KICKED IN.
IT WASN'T
ON PURPOSE,
BUT YOU ARE
SINGLE, RIGHT?
AND WE DON'T
WANT EVERYBODY
UP IN MY
BUSINESS, COOP.
NOW I GOT
TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO DO
DAMAGE CONTROL.
THANK YOU.
IT REALLY DID
JUST SLIP OUT.
IT HAPPENS.
HE'LL BE FINE.
HOW ABOUT YOU,
THOUGH?
I MEAN, I SEEN YOU FACE
WHEN WE TALKED ABOUT YOU
GOING VIRAL IN
THE RED-CARPET DRESS.
YOU KNOW THAT WAS
A COMPLIMENT, RIGHT?
I DO,
BUT THAT PERSON
AT THAT GALA
WASN'T ME.
IT LOOKS LIKE
ALL YOU TO ME,
ESPECIALLY
IN THAT DRESS.
UM...YEAH.
I'M GONNA SEE YOU
LATER, OK?
-PATIENCE, WAIT.
-NO. I'M TIRED.
I'M TIRED, OK, AND
I HAVE TO SING TOMORROW,
SO I JUST--
YOU GUYS, I'M GONNA
CALL IT A NIGHT, OK?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL RIDE WITH YOU.
THE PARTY AT OURS
IS PROBABLY OVER.
[CAR HORN HONKS]
CARTER: I DEFINITELY
MISS THE STUDENTS,
BUT THIS GOVERNMENT
PAYCHECK AND BENEFITS,
OOH, WHEE--
MORE THAN
MAKES UP FOR IT,
AND YOU WOULDN'T
BELIEVE MY 401 k.
YO, WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE EPIC BACHELOR PARTY?
YO, WE SUPPOSED
TO BE GETTING LIT,
NOT TALKING 401(k)s.
LIKE, WE
AIN'T THAT OLD.
OH, I HATE TO BREAK IT
TO YOU, BROTHER--
MAYBE Y'ALL,
BUT NOT ME.
I STILL GETS IT IN.
I MEAN, MAYBE NOT
AS MUCH AS I USED TO,
YOU KNOW, BECAUSE
OF MY WORK SCHEDULE,
GETTING AMINA
BACK AND FORTH TO SCHOOL,
AND, OF COURSE, HER
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES...
MM-HMM.
PLUS I AIN'T REALLY
TRYING TO BE OUT
ALL UP IN THEM STREETS,
ANYWAY.
-HA HA!
-WELCOME TO THE CLUB.
-CLINK.
-HA HA HA!
BILLY: BEST TAKE CARE, BROTHER.
WELL, THAT WAS
OUR LAST STOP.
I DON'T WANT IT
TO BE OVER.
I MIGHT HAVE
AN IDEA.
REMEMBER THE TIME
WE PLAYED "TRUTH OR DARE"
AND WE STOLE
A STREET SIGN?
WAIT. I DO.
IT WAS AT A SLEEPOVER
AT THE WASHINGTON TWINS',
AND THEIR MOTHER
GOT UPSET WITH US
BECAUSE WE USED ALL
OF HER PEROXIDE TO...
-DYE OUR HAIR.
-HA HA HA!
LET'S JUST STEAL
THE STREET SIGN,
ONE THAT MEANS
SOMETHING TO YOU.
I PROMISE WE
WON'T GET CAUGHT.
OK. FINE.
LET'S DO IT.
REESE: HA HA!
ISAAC, TAKE US
TO FIRST AND SLAUSON.
-YOU GOT IT.
-SHOULD WE BE STOPPING THIS?
OH, HELL NO.
THIS IS
THE FIRST TIME
THEY'VE ACTUALLY
ACTED LIKE SISTERS.
LET'S
RIDE IT OUT.
I KNOW, BUT ALL
MY HAIR FELL OUT.
WHAT YOU DOING
OUT HERE?
HEY, MAN,
I'M SORRY FOR PUTTING
YOUR BUSINESS
OUT THERE LIKE THAT.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I AM SINGLE.
SO'S LIV, AND FOR
WHATEVER REASON,
IT'S REALLY HARD
GRASPING THAT.
I WENT THROUGH THE SAME
THING WITH PATIENCE.
I MEAN, JUST BECAUSE
YOU'RE NOT WITH SOMEONE
DOESN'T MEAN YOU STOP
CARING ABOUT THEM.
EVEN WHEN YOU'RE
TRYING TO MOVE ON,
YOU STILL WANT TO
PROTECT THEIR FEELINGS,
MM...
BUT LIV DIDN'T DESERVE
TO FIND OUT LIKE THAT.
YEAH, BUT
THAT'S ON ME.
SHOULD'VE FOUND OUT A WAY
TO SAY SOMETHING SOONER.
I MISS HER, COOP.
I REALLY MISS HER.
PREACH: SINCE LIGHTNING
DON'T STRIKE TWICE,
HOW DID YOU KNOW
THAT GRACE WAS THE ONE?
HAVE YOU MET HER?
SHE'S SMART.
SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
BROTHER,
I GOT THIS.
OH, I THOUGHT HE
WAS TALKING TO ME.
OH, YOU'RE TALKING--
NO. YEAH. TELL HIM.
TELL-- YEAH.
[CHUCKLES]
WHEN MY WIFE PASSED,
I DIDN'T THINK
I'D LOVE ANYONE
LIKE THAT AGAIN.
I JUST DIDN'T THINK
IT WAS POSSIBLE,
AND THEN GORGEOUS GRACE
ENTERED MY LIFE,
AND SHE WAS
A FORCE OF NATURE.
SHE JUST HAD THIS WAY
OF MAKING YOU FEEL
LIKE YOU WERE JUST CAPABLE
OF DOING ANYTHING.
IN GRACE, ALL THE FEELINGS
THAT I THOUGHT WERE DEAD
STARTED TO COME
ALIVE AGAIN
LIKE SHE JUST
FLIPPED A SWITCH
RIGHT IN MY HEART AND
TURNED THE POWER BACK ON.
THAT'S HOW I KNEW
SHE WAS THE ONE.
WHAT, Y'ALL CRYING?
NO. I GOT--
I GOT ALLERGIES.
I THINK THIS CIGAR
SMOKE HAS BEEN--
[WOMEN SCREAMING]
YO, WHAT IS THAT?
HEY, HOLD UP.
IS--IS THAT LAURA?
CARTER: AND GRACE.
LOOK, GENTLEMEN.
I'M GONNA LET Y'ALL
HANDLE THAT.
WAIT. HOLD UP.
YOU AIN'T BAILING.
YES, SIR.
I GOT TO GET BACK
TO THE BOSS KID,
AND GOOD LUCK WITH
WHATEVER THAT IS.
-YEAH.
-I'LL SEE Y'ALL TOMORROW.
ALL RIGHT, MAN.
[WOMEN SHOUTING AND LAUGHING]
NO. WAIT. THEY PUT
BOLTS ON THESE NOW?
DENISE:
NOT A PROBLEM. HA!
REESE: OH, YOU CARRY
A DRILL AROUND?
OH, GIRL IF YOU
STAY READY...
-YOU AIN'T GOT TO GET READY.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, GIVE ME.
I WILL SHIMMY
UP THE POLE.
WAIT. AH, AH.
MY NIGHT, MY TASK.
OK. LET'S DO IT.
HEY, MUSCLES,
HELP ME UP.
-BE CAREFUL WITH MY SISTER.
-ALL RIGHT. YOU GOT THIS.
-VERY PRECIOUS CARGO.
-YOU GOT IT. YOU GOT IT.
ALL: WHOO!
BILLY: ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
-BABY--
-WHAT?
LADIES, OFFICERS,
UH, LAREESHA.
HEY, BILLY.
IT'S REESE NOW.
DENISE: OH, GIRL,
IF YOU DON'T GIVE IT A REST--
YOUR MAMA NAME YOU
LAREESHA,
WE GONNA
CALL YOU LAREESHA.
BABY, WHY ARE YOU
CLIMBING A STRIPPER?
OH, STEALING THE SIGN
IS REESE'S GIFT TO ME.
I ALSO GOT HER JEWELLERY.
IT WAS REALLY EXPENSIVE.
BILLY: I THINK WE
SHOULD ALL WRAP THIS UP
BEFORE SOMEBODY
GETS HURT.
-RIGHT. HELP ME, REESE.
- ♪♪ HATER ♪♪
-YES, YES.
-COME ON, GUYS. RIGHT.
-WHOO!
-WHOO! YES.
[DRILL WHIRS]
ALL: WHOO!
[SIREN]
[CHEERING]
PLEASE TELL ME THOSE
ARE MORE STRIPPERS.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO
LEAVE THE GAME NIGHT.
I CAN HANDLE THIS
BY MYSELF.
OH, COME ON.
LEAST I CAN DO
IS HELP CLEAN UP.
IT WAS MY FAMILY.
AND SOON-TO-BE
STEPFAMILY.
HAVE YOU DECIDED WHAT
YOU'RE GONNA CALL HIM?
YOU KNOW, MAYBE YOU
SHOULD GO THE JJ ROUTE
WITH PRINCIPAL
DADDY CARTER.
-THAT WAS VERY FUNNY.
-THANK YOU.
I'LL BE HERE
ALL WEEK.
[DING]
YOU KNOW YOU CAN
CHECK YOUR PHONE.
IT'S FINE
IF IT'S HER.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
I GUESS
I DIDN'T REALIZE
YOU WERE GONNA
MOVE ON QUITE SO FAST.
I HAVEN'T MOVED ON.
SO YOU'RE NOT
DATING ANYONE.
NOT SERIOUSLY.
ALICIA IS
JUST A FRIEND.
YOU KNOW, YOU DON'T
OWE ME AN EXPLANATION.
I'M SORRY
I BROUGHT THIS UP.
I HAVEN'T MOVED ON.
HONESTLY,
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
IT DOES TO ME.
OH...
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
MM...
I'M UP. I'M UP. I'M UP.
I JUST OVERSLEPT, SO--
COOP, ON PHONE: BRO,
WE GOT A SITUATION.
MM.
YOUR MUM AND THE
BAKERS BEEN ARRESTED.
-ARRESTED?
-YEAH.
YOU GOT TO
GET DOWN THERE.
I'M ON MY WAY.
OH, IS
EVERYTHING OK?
NO, NOT EVEN CLOSE,
SO OUR PARENTS
ARE IN JAIL,
AND THERE'S NOT A LOT OF
TIME BEFORE THE WEDDING.
WAIT. DO WE NEED TO
CALL IT OFF OR POSTPONE?
NO. NO. NO.
THIS WEDDING
IS HAPPENING TODAY.
OH, OK. WELL,
I'LL COME WITH YOU.
NO. LOOK.
ME AND COOP GOT IT.
I DO NEED
A FAVOUR FROM YOU.
YEAH. WHATEVER
YOU NEED, I GOT YOU.
REESE:
OH, GRACIE, COME ON.
JUST RELAX, OK?
IT'S NOT LIKE
IT'S GONNA GO
ON YOUR
PERMANENT RECORD.
RELAX? THIS IS
MY WEDDING DAY,
AND I'M IN HERE
BECAUSE OF YOU.
HA! I MEAN, COME ON.
YOU TELLING ME NOW
THAT IT'S ILLEGAL FOR ME
TO MAKE SURE THAT MY SISTER
HAS A GOOD TIME?
WE'RE LITERALLY
IN JAIL RIGHT NOW,
SO YES.
SO WHAT HAPPENED TO
"MY NIGHT, MY TASK"?
THAT WAS YOU,
AND I'M SORRY,
BUT IF YOU ASK ME,
YOUR LIFE COULD USE
A LITTLE ADVENTURE.
EXCUSE ME?
BILLY: GRACIE, GRACIE, WHY DON'T
WE JUST TAKE A DEEP BREATH?
YOU DISAPPEAR
FOR YEARS AT A TIME.
YOU'RE NEVER THERE
FOR ME AND THE BOYS,
AND WHEN YOU DO
BLOW INTO TOWN,
YOU MESS
EVERYTHING UP.
TRUST ME, YOU'RE
THE ONE ADVENTURE
MY LIFE CAN DO WITHOUT.
MA?
HEH.
COOP: MAN, JUST WHEN YOU THOUGHT
YOU RAISED THEM RIGHT--
MM MM MM.
THEY'RE ALL OURS,
OFFICER,
EXCEPT FOR
KENNY G. DOWN THERE.
-AUNT REESHA?
-THERE'S MY BOY.
HI. OH, MY GOSH.
AT LEAST SOMEONE'S
HAPPY I'M HERE.
DON'T ASK.
WHAT TIME IS IT?
THERE'S ONLY ONE HOUR
BEFORE THE WEDDING.
I'M NOT
GONNA MAKE IT.
WE GOT YOU,
ALL RIGHT?
LIV'S GONNA MEET US
AT THE VENUE
WITH YOUR DRESS.
-OK.
-WE'RE GOOD. WE GOT YOU.
-THANK YOU, BABY.
-OK.
I KNOW THAT DUDE
FROM HIGH SCHOOL.
LAURA: THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR RUSHING DOWN HERE
TO SIGN US OUT.
YOU KNOW ME.
JUST TRYING TO BE
A ASSET TO THE FIRM.
I'M SURE DARIUS WOULD'VE
DONE THE SAME THING.
YO, HEY. HEY, HEY,
HEY, HEY, COME ON.
-COME ON, RIGHT HERE.
-FINALLY.
DILLON: I'VE BEEN TRYING
MY BEST TO STALL.
I CAN ONLY DO THE
DOUGIE FOR SO LONG.
IS LIV HERE WITH THE DRESS?
WE ONLY GOT, LIKE, 15 MINUTES.
SHE'S WAITING FOR YOU
IN THE BACK,
AND I HAVE
YOUR SUIT.
-IS MUM OK?
-YES. I'M FINE, BABY. I--
MAMA'S JUST GOT
A LITTLE...
HEADACHE.
I KNOW WHAT
A HANGOVER LOOKS LIKE.
-BOY--
-HA HA HA! SMARTY PANTS.
LOOK AT MY BOYS
TAKING CARE OF ME
ON ONE OF THE BIGGEST
DAYS OF MY LIFE.
I AM SO PROUD
TO BE YOUR MOTHER,
AND I LOVE YOU
SO MUCH.
OK. WE LOVE YOU,
TOO, MA,
AND NOBODY DESERVES
THIS NEXT CHAPTER
OF HAPPINESS
MORE THAN YOU.
COME ON.
OK. ALL RIGHT.
LET'S GO GET YOU MARRIED.
-OK.
-ALL RIGHT.
THERE YOU GO, RIGHT HERE.
THERE YOU GO.
HAPPIEST DAY
OF YOUR LIFE.
WE'RE GONNA NEED
MORE THAN 15 MINUTES.
OK?
-OK. HEY.
-WELL, HELLO.
-TALK ABOUT CUTTING IT CLOSE--
-I KNOW, MAN.
YOU SMELL LIKE
CIGARS AND--
OK. MIND YOUR BUSINESS.
WHERE'S YOUR SISTER?
SHE'S IN THE BACK
HELPING MISS GRACE.
OK?
ALL RIGHT.
OH, YOU LOOK GORGEOUS.
OH, WOW.
I HOPE THAT I LOOK HALF
AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOU ON MY--
NEVER MIND.
THINGS ARE
GONNA WORK OUT
JUST AS THEY
ARE MEANT TO BE,
AND THE BEAUTY
OF YOUTH IS,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO HAVE
EVERYTHING FIGURED OUT
RIGHT NOW, OK?
REESE:
KNOCK KNOCK.
HEY, MIND
IF I TAKE OVER?
I'M NOT REHASHING THE
PAST WITH YOU, REESE.
I HAVE A WHOLE NEW LIFE
WAITING FOR ME OUT THERE
WITH A MAN WHO
CHERISHES AND ADORES ME.
I KNOW. I'M JUST TRYING
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT.
NO. YOU'RE TRYING
TO EASE YOUR GUILT,
AND I'M NOT
HERE FOR IT.
TODAY IS MY
SPECIAL DAY.
CAN YOU FOR ONCE NOT
MAKE IT ABOUT YOU?
[MAJOR.'S "WHY I LOVE YOU"
PLAYING]
OH...
MAJOR.: ♪♪ I FOUND LOVE IN YOU ♪♪
♪♪ AND I'VE LEARNED
TO LOVE ME, TOO ♪♪
♪♪ NEVER HAVE I FELT ♪♪
♪♪ THAT I COULD BE
ALL THAT YOU SEE... ♪♪
WEEKS: DO YOU TAKE THIS WOMAN
TO BE YOUR LAWFULLY WEDDED WIFE?
I DO.
AND DO YOU TAKE THIS MAN TO BE
YOUR LAWFULLY WEDDED HUSBAND?
I DO.
MAJOR.:
♪♪ THIS IS WHY I LOVE YOU ♪♪
♪♪ THIS IS WHY
I LOVE YOU ♪♪
♪♪ BECAUSE YOU LOVE ME... ♪♪
WEEKS: BY THE POWER
VESTED IN ME,
I NOW PRONOUNCE YOU
MAN AND WIFE.
BROTHER, YOU MAY
KISS YOUR BRIDE.
-UNGH...
-HEE HEE HEE!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
MAJOR.: ♪♪ I FOUND LOVE IN YOU ♪♪
♪♪ THAT'S WHY I LOVE YOU ♪♪
CUPID: ♪♪ SHUFFLE ♪♪
♪♪ DOWN, DOWN, DO YOUR DANCE,
DO YOUR DANCE ♪♪
♪♪ TO THE RIGHT, TO THE RIGHT,
TO THE RIGHT, TO THE RIGHT ♪♪
♪♪ TO THE LEFT, TO THE LEFT,
TO THE LEFT, TO THE LEFT ♪♪
♪♪ NOW KICK, NOW KICK,
NOW KICK, NOW KICK ♪♪
♪♪ NOW WALK IT BY YOURSELF,
NOW WALK IT BY YOURSELF ♪♪
♪♪ DOWN, DOWN,
DO YOUR DANCE, DO YOUR DANCE ♪♪
♪♪ DOWN, DOWN, DO YOUR DANCE,
DO YOUR DANCE ♪♪
♪♪ DOWN, DOWN,
DO YOUR DANCE, DO YOUR DANCE ♪♪
♪♪ WE GOT A BRAND-NEW STYLE ♪♪
[LADY BRI'S "SPLASH" PLAYING]
LADY BRI: ♪♪ DONE TAPPED
INTO MY SUPERPOWER ♪♪
♪♪ MY MOMENT'S HERE,
THIS IS MY HOUR... ♪♪
THEY ABOUT TO PLAY
MUSICAL CHAIRS?
LAURA: NO. CARTER IS ABOUT
TO REMOVE GRACE'S GARTER
AND THROW IT
TO THE GUYS.
RIGHT. IT'S SUPPOSED
TO BRING LUCK IN LOVE
TO WHOEVER
CATCHES IT.
YOU GONNA DO IT?
NO, NO,
SINGLE CATS ONLY.
BESIDES, I CAN'T
BE LUCKIER
THAN I ALREADY AM.
THAT'S RIGHT.
DON'T YOU FORGET IT.
-I WILL NOT.
-YOU SHOULD GO DO IT.
NO. I'M TOO G
FOR THAT.
OH, YOU'RE
TOO G FOR LOVE.
BOY, YOU BETTER
C-WALK YOUR BEHIND
OVER THERE,
ENJOY YOUR LIFE.
OOH, OOH,
OOH, OOH.
A'IGHT. I'M GONNA
GIVE IT A SHOT,
BUT I DAMN SURE
AIN'T GONNA MAKE
A FOOD OUT OF MYSELF
AND BE SOME DAMN MEME.
-NO.
-NO, SIR. YOU A G.
GO ON GET YOURSELF
SOME, HOMIE.
CARTER: ALL RIGHT.
Y'ALL READY? HA HA HA!
HERE WE GO.
1...2...3.
LADY BRI: ♪♪ FEEL LIKE
I'M ON TOP OF THE WORLD ♪♪
[APPLAUSE]
♪♪ FEEL LIKE
I'M ON TOP OF THE WORLD ♪♪
♪♪ START TO MAKE EVERYTHING
GONNA SHINE SO BRIGHT LIKE... ♪♪
CARTER: OK. SINGLE LADIES
TO THE DANCE FLOOR
FOR THE BOUQUET TOSS.
NO. NO. YOU BETTER
WATCH OUT WITH ME
BECAUSE I'M CATCHING
THIS BOUQUET.
AW, SWEETIE, YOU DO NOT
WANT THIS SMOKE.
GRACE: OK, LADIES.
HERE WE GO.
1, 2...
WHAT YOU DOING?
YOU HAVE SHOWN UP FOR ME
WHENEVER I NEEDED YOU,
EVEN WHEN I DIDN'T
KNOW I NEEDED YOU.
YOU DESERVE THIS
MORE THAN ANYONE.
GIRL, YOU'RE GONNA
MAKE ME UGLY-CRY,
AND MY FUTURE MAN
MIGHT BE UP IN HERE.
-THANK YOU.
-YOU'RE WELCOME.
[APPLAUSE]
THANK YOU.
SPENCER: IF "LOVE NEVER FAILS"
WAS A COUPLE,
IT WOULD BE YOU GUYS.
YOU SHOWED EVERYBODY
THAT IT IS NEVER TOO LATE
TO FIND
YOUR FOREVER PERSON
AND THAT YOU CAN HAVE
A SECOND SHOT
AT A FAIRYTALE ENDING.
DILLON: CONSIDERING
HOW Y'ALL MET EACH OTHER,
NONE OF US WOULD'VE GUESSED
THAT WE'D END UP HERE.
I MEAN, LET BE HONEST.
MUM CAME FOR YOUR NECK.
I'M GLAD SHE DID.
DILLON: SO ARE WE.
THANK YOU FOR
MAKING OUR MUM HAPPY.
TO THE BRIDE
AND GROOM.
-CHEERS.
-BRIDE AND GROOM.
-OH, WOW.
GOSH, I DO NOT KNOW
HOW I'LL TOP THAT,
BUT WHEN I WAS 4--
GOOD, GOOD, GOOD.
DO YOU MIND IF I--
IF I CAN--IF I
CAN TAKE OVER,
FOR THOSE OF YOU
WHO DON'T KNOW WHO I AM,
I'M GRACE'S SISTER REESE--
UM, LAREESHA.
SPENCER: MUM, MUM,
HEAR HER OUT.
[CLEARS THROAT]
EVER SINCE I CAN REMEMBER,
GRACE HAS BEEN THE STRONG ONE
IN OUR FAMILY, HEH,
THE ONE WHO HAPPILY
SACRIFICES HERSELF,
TAKES CARE OF OTHERS,
INCLUDING HER YOUNGER SISTER,
WHO, DESPITE WHAT YOU SEE
IN FRONT OF YOU,
DID NOT HAVE HERSELF TOGETHER
GROWING UP,
WHICH IS WHY I LEFT.
I MOVED AWAY,
AND I STAYED AWAY
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT
TO BE ANOTHER BURDEN
THAT SHE HAD TO TAKE ON,
BUT THE PROBLEM
WITH STAYING AWAY
IS THAT YOU MISS OUT
ON SO MANY IMPORTANT MOMENTS.
THEY SAY MEMORIES
LAST FOREVER.
WELL, SO DO REGRETS,
AND NOT ONLY
DO I REGRET
MISSING THOSE MOMENTS
WITH YOU.
I REGRET NOT BEING THERE FOR YOU
WHEN YOU NEEDED ME...
[SNIVELS]
SO HERE'S TO YOU
FINDING A LOVE
THAT YOU COULD COUNT ON,
SO I WISH YOU BOTH
A LIFE TOGETHER
BUILT ON PRECIOUS MEMORIES
AND ZERO REGRETS.
CHEERS.
-THAT WAS NICE.
-CHEERS.
[APPLAUSE]
SO BEAUTIFUL,
BUT WHEN I WAS 4,
I MET THIS
LITTLE GIRL...
PATIENCE: ♪♪ THERE GOES
MY HEART BEATING ♪♪
♪♪ 'CAUSE YOU ARE THE REASON ♪♪
♪♪ I'M LOSING MY SLEEP ♪♪
♪♪ PLEASE COME BACK NOW ♪♪
♪♪ AND THERE GOES
MY MIND RACING ♪♪
♪♪ AND YOU ARE THE REASON... ♪♪
THANKS FOR HELPING MY MUM
WITH HER DRESS TODAY.
IT WAS HER
BIG DAY.
WHY WOULDN'T
I STEP IN?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT KIND OF FEELS
LIKE SOMETHING
A GIRLFRIEND
WOULD DO, YOU KNOW?
AH. RIGHT.
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED BETWEEN US?
I THINK WE BOTH
KNOW WHAT THAT WAS--
CLOSURE.
I GUESS SO.
NOW MAYBE
WE CAN CONTINUE
THE PROCESS OF
LETTING EACH OTHER GO
WITHOUT ANY HURT,
"WHAT IFS" BETWEEN US.
MM-HMM.
PATIENCE: THE BRIDE AND
THE GROOM NOW INVITE EVERYONE
TO THE DANCE FLOOR.
[THUY'S "PLAYING TRICKS"
PLAYING]
NOW, THIS
ISN'T, LIKE--
THIS ISN'T
WEIRD, RIGHT?
NO. IT'S NOT WEIRD.
FRIENDS DANCE,
AND FRIENDS TALK.
I MEAN, I HAD NO IDEA
THIS CAREER MAKEOVER
WAS MAKING YOU
FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE.
YEAH.
THAT'S THE THING.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
THIS IS MAKING ME FEEL.
IT'S FINE.
I JUST GOT TO TRUST
GIA AND LAYLA, SO--
WELL, IF IT MAKES YOU
FEEL ANY BETTER,
YOU AIN'T THE ONLY ONE
WITH IMPOSTER SYNDROME.
NOW I'M WORKING
IN A LAW OFFICE,
TRYING TO BE
AN ATTORNEY,
AND I CAN'T EVER GET INTO
GAU's PRE-LAW PROGRAM.
I JUST FOUND OUT
I GOT WAITLISTED.
I'M SORRY, BUT, YOU KNOW,
I BELIEVE IN YOU.
YOU'RE NO IMPOSTOR,
AND MAYBE THERE'S,
LIKE, A WAY
AROUND THE WAITLIST.
MAYBE YOU CAN AUDIT
A CLASS OR SOMETHING.
YOU KNOW, THAT'S
ACTUALLY A DOPE IDEA.
SEE? BECAUSE THE REGULAR
PATIENCE KNOWS THINGS.
YEAH. WELL,
THE REGULAR PATIENCE
ALWAYS BEEN DOPE,
AND IF SHE EVER NEEDS
A FRIENDLY EAR,
I'M HERE ALWAYS.
THUY: ♪♪ ON MY HEART AGAIN,
PLAYING TRICKS ♪♪
♪♪ OH, OH, OH, OH ♪♪
♪♪ JUST PLAYING TRICKS ♪♪
♪♪ AND PLAYING TRICKS ON ME... ♪♪
WOW. HE REALLY
HAS NO CLUE.
NOT A SINGLE ONE.
MM.
UM, I'M REALLY
GLAD WE DECIDED
TO TAKE OUR FOOT
OFF THE GAS
AND SLOW THINGS DOWN.
YEAH, YOU KNOW, DO
THINGS THE RIGHT WAY...
MM-HMM.
AND LISTEN.
FOR THE RECORD,
I TRULY DON'T CARE
WHAT LABEL WE LAND ON
AS LONG AS I GET
TO HOLD YOU IN MY ARMS
LIKE THIS EVERY CHANCE I GET.
HA HA! WHEW.
-OH...
-AHH...
I FEEL LIKE WE MIGHT
HAVE HIT THE GAS
INSTEAD
OF THE BRAKES.
YOU KNOW, I'M
STARTING TO THINK
THAT'S NOT
SUCH A BAD THING.
NOW I WANT TO BE ABLE
TO DANCE IN THE ARMS
OF THE GUY I HAVE
FEELINGS FOR
WITHOUT FEELING LIKE I'M
DOING SOMETHING WRONG.
WAIT, SO
DOES THIS MEAN--
YEAH. I WANT
TO BE TOGETHER,
BUT I STILL
DON'T WANT TO RUSH
TO TELL EVERYONE,
JUST WANT TO PROTECT
THIS, YOU KNOW,
KEEP IT SPECIAL BETWEEN
US A LITTLE LONGER.
OH, OK.
-YEAH?
-YEAH.
PANTS SUIT.
MAN: GREG, MOVE YOUR HEAD.